docs: add terms of service (#20)
IATI/web-terms: docs/terms-of-service.rst

What we provide
---------------

We provide our websites and tools free of charge, for the benefit of the IATI community and anyone working with IATI data. We work to keep them available, accurate and useful, but we provide them "as is". We do not guarantee that a service will always be available, uninterrupted, or free of errors.

We may change, suspend or withdraw any website or tool, in whole or in part, at any time. Where a change is significant and we are able to, we will give notice.

Using our services
-------------------

You are welcome to use our websites and tools for any lawful purpose. When you use them, we ask that you do not:

* use them in a way that breaks the law or infringes the rights of others;
* attempt to gain unauthorised access to any system, account or data;
* disrupt or place an unreasonable load on our services, for example through automated requests that affect availability for others.

If we use rate limits or publish guidance on automated access, please follow it.

Your account
------------

> Some tools let you create an account. If you do, you are responsible for keeping your login details secure and for activity that takes place under your account. Tell us if you believe your account has been compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tools let you create an account. If you do, you are responsible for keeping your login details secure and for activity that takes place under your account. `Contact us <https://iatistandard.org/en/guidance/get-support/>`_ if you believe your account has been compromised.
```

IATI data
---------

IATI data is open data. It is published by reporting organisations, not by us, and we are not responsible for its accuracy or completeness. How data is published and removed is covered separately in our :doc:`Data Removal <data-removal>` guidance.

Your personal information is handled as described in our :doc:`Privacy Policy <privacy-policy>`. Copyright and licensing of our content is covered in our :doc:`Copyright & Licensing <copyright>` policy.

Other websites
--------------

Our websites and tools link to sites and services we do not operate. We are not responsible for their content or their terms, and a link does not imply that we endorse them.

Our responsibility to you
-------------------------

We take reasonable care to provide useful and reliable services, but to the extent permitted by law we are not liable for any loss arising from your use of, or inability to use, our websites and tools. Nothing in these terms limits any liability that cannot be limited under the law that applies to you.

Contact
-------

> If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to these Terms of Service, please contact us at https://iatistandard.org/en/guidance/get-support/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to contact us, or have any questions or complaints in relation to these Terms of Service, please contact us at https://iatistandard.org/en/guidance/get-support/.
```
